Fix formatting in article About Status Checks (#6027)
github/docs: content/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/about-status-checks.md

To skip or request checks for your commit, add one of the following trailer lines to the end of your commit message:

> - To _skip checks_ for a commit, type your commit message and a short, meaningful description of your changes. After your commit description, instead of a closing quotation, add two empty lines followed by `skip-checks: true`":

Reviewer: My bad for not making this clearer in the issue description 😄 

```suggestion
- To _skip checks_ for a commit, type your commit message and a short, meaningful description of your changes. After your commit description, instead of a closing quotation, add two empty lines followed by `skip-checks: true"`:
```

Reviewer: But that makes me realize that this would be clearer:

```suggestion
- To _skip checks_ for a commit, type your commit message and a short, meaningful description of your changes. After your commit description, before the closing quotation, add two empty lines followed by `skip-checks: true`:
```

Let me know if you think otherwise!

  ```shell
  $ git commit -m "Update README"
  >
  >

>   skip-checks: true

Reviewer 2: https://github.com/github/docs/pull/6027#discussion_r626182786

  ```

> - To _request_ checks for a commit, type your commit message and a short, meaningful description of your changes. After your commit description, instead of a closing quotation, add two empty lines followed by `request-checks: true`:

Reviewer: (same)

```suggestion
- To _request_ checks for a commit, type your commit message and a short, meaningful description of your changes. After your commit description, before the closing quotation, add two empty lines followed by `request-checks: true`:
```
